and that is just a thing God would
appear between and above the turbines if
the is these turbines didn't have one of
the wings covering their bodies they
would not be prepared for the Lord's
appearance Moses who saw this pattern of
the Chairman's behavior learned that the
other set of wings had to be covering
two cherubim body to make it fit for
God's appearance the main purpose was
for God to have a place to appear many
places in the Bible we can see the same
way of doing things God leaves out bits
of information but give a hint as to
where we can find a full answer in
another book or chapter it is as if he
calls us the superficial reader to fail
to notice and those that search for
truth is shown a way to succeed making
it easier for deceivers to be proven
wrong now in the New Testament in schewe
or Jesus was tempted by the phone
cherubim in the desert he used
references to scripture to try and trick
Jesus however Jesus used an additional
scripture to show how the scripture the
opponent had chosen was attached to a
false statement you see the description
given in Exodus needs to be brought into
harmony with what they were replicas of
and not in harmony with our own thoughts
or imagination so reading the
description we need to add information
from other places in Scripture to get
the full picture this is so far the only
claim that fits all of the Ark's
descriptions and not just some of them
it brings in the two verses surrounding
the description as well as being true to
the description in between now the
description being given by the man from
Tennessee mentioned in Episode one was
nearly laughed at by the people that
were certain it looked like this it was
the first one to break with a common
artists idea of the Ark's appearance
however strangely this man's testimony
fits more with the ark of the Bible
especially because it's the only one
that actually gives room for a king
so this depiction of the cherubim where
they are not showing humility by
covering the bodies and the Lord's
presence and they are not protecting
God's place of Regency because there's
no room for the king but the chair of
him sitting on the top and some in the
middle of the seat does fit something
reread in the Bible but it's not the
Chairman's Ezekiel saw guarding God's
Emilee throne it was a description of a
cherubim that had lost his job putting
the cherub on the Lord's seat is an
image of what the Fallen cherub wanted
though are at the anointed cherub that
covereth and I have set thee so thou
wast upon the holy mountain of God that
was perfect in thy ways from the day
that thou was created till iniquity was
found in thee for thou has said in thine
heart I will ascend into heaven I will
exalt my throne above the stars of God I
will sit also upon the Mount of the
congregation I will be like the Most
High yes Lucifer was the turbine that
didn't want to protect the foundation of
God's kingship his law and which wants
it's God's seat the cherubim of these
other discoveries remove God's place of
her parents placing themselves there
instead not only that but this depiction
is taking away the throne part is
actually inspiring the thought that men
controlled the Ark that it was man's
tool in war but keeping the
understanding that it is a seat will
force people to reflect on it belonging
to God and that it was the place he
would reign from it also takes focus
away from the item and gives focus to
whom the item belonged in The Seagull
chapter 10 we read how God leaves the
sanctuary in Jerusalem before the
Babylonians destroyed the temple there
and in this description the Lord goes to
his throne of majesty in heaven the ark
was lost before the temple was destroyed
by the Babylonians and no one has have
seen it since then it's been lost but
before it disappeared it was said the I
know Lord is the greatness and the power
and the glory and the victory and the
Giusti for all that is in the heaven and
in the earth is thine thine is the
kingdom Oh Lord and thou art exalted as
head above all both riches and honour
come of thee and thou rainiest overall
and in thine hand is power and might and
in thine hand it is to make great and to
give strength unto all Oh Lord God of
Israel which dwelleth between the
turbines thou art the god even thou
alone of all the kingdoms of the earth
thou has made heaven and earth so what
happened did the Lord of the Ark give up
trying to be king on earth did he leave
his area of reign his kingdom has he no
longer a base and symbol that indicates
that humankind elohim loyalty did he
throw away his law and with it his right
to judge us did he abandon his earthly
throne or did he have a plan it is still
there
did the Lord come back is he still king
in sakurai a' it was prophesized thus
speaketh the Lord of Hosts saying behold
the man whose name is the branch and he
shall grow up out of his place and he
shall build a temple of the Lord even he
shall build the temple of the Lord and
he shall bear the glory and shall sit
and rule upon his throne and he shall be
a priest upon his throne and the counsel
of peace shall be between them both
thus the cherubim guarding the mercy
seat where God would reign know what
would happen to their Lord why the cloud
of smoke no longer above them is the
answer in their gaze what are they
looking at was it true when Yeshua
Christ said hanging on the cross forgive
them for they know not what they do
could the man from Tennessee be right
could the sign that was placed above the
cross saying this is the King of the
Jews be correct was he killed above his
own throne and did his blood go down
upon the mercy seat join us on the next
episode where we're going to talk about
why the ark was placed into a sanctuary
service the ark and the sanctuary